Before we start mathematical and process modelling of systems we need to revise one of the most useful
concepts in mathematics Laplace transform the strength of Laplace transform comes from its ability to
transform differential equations into algebraic equations in all our mass medical modelling.
We will deal with differential equations transforming differential equations into algebraic equations
will make it easier to find what we call the transfer function and also will introduce a process modelling
using plug diagrams plus transform can be defined as follow Laplace of F of T which is the function
of T in time domain equals two and you function of S or the frequency domain.
The blast of F of T equals to the integration from 0 to infinity of E to the minus SD times f of t d
in this course we are interested in some functions which can be found in the following table
moving to the transfer function and modelling and simulation transfer function or system function is
a mathematical function relating the ambush or response of a forgiving system to the input for this
system.
For example the transfer functions that relates inputs X which is a displacement on a spring was the
stiffness K to the output Y which you described the motion of a certain nice
and the following lectures you will learn how to model some systems to fund the transfer functions and
also throwing the plug diagrams.